
		Section 2 - 10,000 Foot Overview
	Availability zone - a datacenter, multiple AZs per region.
	Edge Locations - endpoints for AWS that are used for caching content.

	Compute
	EC2 - Virtual Machines inside the AWS platform.
	EC2 Container Services - run and manage docker containers at scale.
	Elastic Beanstalk - no understanding of AWS required, upload code and infrastructure is auto-configured.
	Lambda - Upload code to cloud and control when it executes, no infrastructure to manage.
	Lightsail - VPS Service, no understanding of AWS required, auto-configured, watered down version of EC2.
	Batch - Do batch computing in cloud.

	Storage
	S3 - Object based storage, upload files into buckets.
	EFS - Network attached storage, can be mounted to multiple virtual machines.
	Glacier - Data archiving, cheap storage.
	Snowball - bring large amounts of data into AWS data centre.
	Storage Gateway - VMs that can be installed in datacenter, replicate information back to S3.

	Databases
	RDS - mysql, postgresql or any other relational dbs.
	DynamoDB - non relational dbs.
	Elasticache - cache commonly queried things from your db server.
	Red Shift - data warehousing or business intelligence.

	Migration
	AWS Migration Hub - tracking service, tracks applications as you migrate to AWS.
	Application Discovery Service - automated tools to detect applications and their dependencies.
	Database Migration Service - migrate your dbs from on-site to AWS.
	Server Migration Service - migrate your virtual and physical servers into AWS.
	Snowball - migrate large amounts of data into AWS data centre.

	Networking and Content Delivery
	VPC - private cloud, a virtual data centre.
	CloudFront - content delivery network. Allows users to access cached content from edge locations.
	Route53 - DNS service.
	API Gateway - create apis for services to connect to.
	Direct Connect - create dedicated line from corporate office into Amazon, connects to your VPC.

	Developer Tools
	CodeStar - code collaboration tool.
	CodeCommit - source control service.
	CodeBuild - compiles and runs tests against your code.
	CodeDeploy - automates application deployment.
	CodePipeline - continuous delivery service.
	X-Ray - debug and analyse serverless applications.
	Cloud9 - IDE within AWS console.

	Management Tools
	CloudWatch - monitoring service.
	CloudFormation - allows you to script infrastructure.
	CloudTrail - logs all changes to your AWS environment.
	Config - monitors configuration of entire AWS environments.
	OpsWorks - similar to Elastic Beanstalk, uses chef and puppet to automate environment configuration.
	Service Catalog - manages catalogues of IT services available on AWS.
	Systems Manager - interface for managing AWS resources.
	Trusted Advisor - gives security advice, i.e. ports left open.
	Managed Services - don't want to have to manage your own EC2 instance, auto scaling etc.

	Media services
	Elastic Transcoder - resizes media for different platforms.
	MediaConvert - video transcoding service.
	MediaLive - live video processing service.
	MediaPackage - prepares and protects videos for delivery over the internet.
	MediaStore - storage service optimised for media.
	MediaTailor - targeted advertising into media streams.

	Machine Learning
	SageMaker - allows developers to use deep learning when coding for environments.
	Comprehend - Sentiment analysis around data.
	DeepLens - artificially aware camera. Detects people approaching camera.
	Lex - Powers Alexa. Artificially intelligent means of communicating with customers.
	Machine Learning - put data sets in cloud along with results to detect patterns.
	Polly - takes text and turns it into speech.
	Rekognition - video and image analysis.
	Amazon Translate - amazon translation service.
	Amazon Transcribe - automatic speech recognition turned to text.

	Analytics
	Athena - run sql queries against s3 buckets.
	EMR - processing large amounts of data. Chops data up for analysis.
	CloudSearch - Search service for AWS.
	ElasticSearch Service - Search service for AWS.
	Kinesis - ingest large amounts of data into AWS.
	Kinesis Video Streams - ingest large amounts of data from video streams.
	QuickSight - business intelligence tool.
	Data Pipeline - move data between multiple AWS instances.
	Glue - used for ETL, large amounts of data migration.

	Security Identity & Compliance
	IAM - user access management.
	Cognito - device authentication, using facebook or gmail.
	GuardDuty - monitors for malicious activity on AWS account.
	Inspector - agent that can be installed on EC2 instances, run tests using this agent for vulnerabilities.
	Macie - scan S3 buckets for personal identificacion data.
	Certificate Manager - manages SSL certificates.
	CloudHSM - manages private and public keys.
	Directory Service - integrate your Microsoft active directory services with AWS services.
	WAF - layer 7 firewall, stops cross-site-scripting, sql injection etc.
	Shield - DDOS mitigation, comes automatically with many AWS services.
	Artifact - portal to download AWS compliance reports.

	Mobile services
	Mobile Hub - management console, sets up AWS services for you.
	Pinpoint - uses targeted push notifications to drive mobile engagement.
	AWS AppSync - automatically updates data in web and mobile applications in real time.
	Device Farm - test your apps on real live devices.
	Mobile Analytics - analytics service for mobiles.

	AR/VR
	Sumerian - common set of tools for augmented reality, virtual reality etc.

	Application Integration
	Step Functions - manage your Lambda functions and their different steps.
	Amazon MQ - message queues, similar to rabbit mq.
	SNS - notification service.
	SQS - decouple infrastructure, holds information in queue that can be polled.
	SWF - work flow service.

	Customer Engagement
	Connect - contact centre as a service.
	Simple Email Service - email service, scalable and customisable.

	Business Productivity
	Alexa for Business - used to dial into meetings, send notification to IT department.
	Chime - video conferencing like zoom meetings.
	Work Docs - dropbox for AWS.
	WorkMail - Like office365.

	Desktop and App Streaming
	Workspaces - VDI for running OS in AWS.
	AppStream 2.0 - run application in cloud and stream.

	Internet of Things
	iOT - have large number of devices sending back information.
	iOT - manages large number of device data.
	Amazon FreeRTOS - free operating system for microcontrollers.
	Greengrass - run local compute message data-caching for connected devices.

	Game Development
	GameLift - service to develop games, including VR.
